# source: http://www.chucknorrisfacts.com/, 2016

When you die on Earth you go to hell.When you die in hell you go to Chuck Norris' house.
Only Chuck Norris can kill Chuck Norris. Oh the irony...
Chuck norris wrote his own biography. You know it as the Guinness Book of World Records
Hiroshima was actually caused by chuck norris farting in public, he has since been asked very VERY politely to do it in private area's from now on
Chuck Norris can turn diamonds back into coal
Chuck Norris once needed a blood transfusion but they were all out of Kevlar
If Chuck Norris would be a girl, he would still be named Chuck Norris.
Hell is Chuck Norris shaking his head in disapproval at you for eternity.
Chuck Norris set the land speed record ... while swimming the Pacific Ocean.
Chuck Norris knows the square root of negative one.
Chuck Norris and Bruce Wayne once made a bet, the loser had to wear a bat costume and pretend he was a superhero.
The word Failure was made up by Chuck Norris to describe EVERYTHING other....than himself.
Chuck Norris once puched Bill and Ted Lemon. now they are mismatched. Happy Birthday Teddy
Charles Bronson was Chuck Norris' death wish until he became Charles Bronsons' death wish and killed him first
Chuck Norris can make Kristen Stewart smile
Since Chuck Norris is incapable of laughing, when he read this website, he nodded.
The Universe is just one of Chuck Norris' marbles
Hell is not where the Satan lives, hell is the playroom of Chuck Norris.
Most people would rather be shot than kicked by Chuck Norris
People say " I was scared too death"...Death says, "I was scared too Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris can breath water and drink air.
Chuck Norris reads bedtime stories to books.
Chuck Norris... enough said.
If you woke up this morning, it means Chuck Norris spared your life.
If Chuck Norris ran CTU, he can advert a terrorist crisis in 24 minutes
Chuck Norris hated unicorns.
Chuck Norris can put out fire with gasoline.
CBS hired Chuck Norris to replace Charlie Sheen, now the show is called Ten and half Men.
No one will ever be called 'Chuck Norris' again. The name itself is one of the wonders of the world.
Chuck Norris uses diesel instead of milk on his cornflakes.
chuck norris only jumped once because he decided one grand canyon was enough
The reason Osama Bin Laden was never found until ten years after 9/11 is because Chuck Norris was not on the Job.
Chuck Norris can outstare a man with two glass eyes.
Chuck Norris once caught a train... with his bare hands
Chuck Norris CAN balance the light-switch between ON and OFF.
The caves in Tora-Bora Afghanistan were created while Chuck Norris was looking for something he dropped
Chuck Norris can access Facebook via a pay phone
Chuck Norris once told Martin Luther King about a dream he had.
The anciet Myans knew Chuck Norris would die so they gave us a calander to tell us when we need to have human cloning created by
Chuck Norris is the reason praying mantises pray.
For every action, there is an unequal and opposite reaction from Chuck Norris that kills you.
Rock singer Tom Petty has decided that he would in fact back down to CN
Chuck Norris told me to put this here.
The reason why America hasn't been invaded by other countries is because Chuck Norris lives in America.
Chuck Norris is so fast you don't know in which time zone he is
Chuck Norris gives Freddy Krueger nightmares!
Chuck Norris out-negotiated William Shatner.
Chuck Norris has an Xbox Live account. On Playstation
When Chuck Norris stares at the Sun, the Sun goes blind.
When Chuck Norris wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken.
The sky is the limit, unless of course you're Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris' chidren use the line, "But DAD said I could do it," it works.
Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris' black belt once was a black hole.
When Chuck Norris plays Risk, he conquers the entire world and obliterates the other player's armies and wins in one move. With his beard.
The 10th Bijuu is Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once caught the flu and released it immediately out of pity.
Chuck Norris made Journey stop beleiving
Chuck Norris can laugh with a straight face.
Chuck Norris can make strawberries grow on trees.
Chuck Norris asked what his country could do for him.
Chuck Norris once tried to run to the end of the horizon and tag it. He did it in 2 seconds.
North Korea would be scary if they had Chuck Norris.
No votes yet
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked white light into what we know as the visible spectrum.
Hefty trash bags are just generic bags that Chuck already used
When Chuck Norris drinks water, the water automatically pasteurized.
Chuck Norris can whistle in 14 different languages.
Chuck Norris won more Olympic medals than the hole world... Including himself.
If Chuck Norris was here in the Philippines, there would be no hostage crisis. He eats hostage-takers for breakfast!
Chuck Norris went to a Killers concert and was disappointed that everyone was allowed to live
Chuck Norris once beat light speed in a race to China
When Chuck Norris sings karaoke, he does not look at the monitor. The monitor adjusts itself accordingly.
My friend scared my hiccups away. Then he showed me a picture of Chuck Norris, and it scared them back.
Some call it suicide. Chuck calls it "the art of staring"
All Peanuts have a Chuck Norris allergy
When Chuck Norris kicks the bucket, the bucket dies.
Chuck Norris can go trick or treating in July and get a sack full
Chuck Norris wakes up at 2AM every afternoon.
Superman wears a cape so that people will know that he is awesome - this makes Chuck Norris laugh.
Chuck Norris sheds his skin twice a year.
Chuck Norris can split an atom with his teeth and contain the explosion in his mouth.
Chuck Norris got the privilege to have more than 10 items in the rapid line.
After meeting with Chuck Norris' lawyer the UFC have changed their name from "Ultimate Fighting Championship" to simply "Fighting Championship."
Chuck Norris can accidentally round-house kick on purpose.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to pay attention, attention has to pay Chuck Norris....on the 1st and 15th of every month.
Chuck Norris owns a resort. It is known as Alcatraz.
Chuck Norris can buy a Sad Meal at McDonald's.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear sun glasses, the sun wears Chuck Norris glasses.
Chuck Norris can stand next to infinity and make it look small
Chuck Norris trained the Avengers.
When Chuck Norris was born doctors didn't know what he was, they found out very quickly.
How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could Chuck Norris? All of it
One time Chuck Norris rubbed his hands so fast that a little spark flew. That spark was the sun.
Heights are afraid of Chuck Norris.
Bruce Springsteen calls Chuck Norris "The Boss."
Attacking Chuck Norris, is known by law enforcement as "Suicide by Chuck".
You can plead the 5th, but you cant plead Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Lady Gaga stutters in her Poker Face song because when she was recording the song, Chuck Norris entered the studio.
Chuck Norris texts.. with his tv remote
Chuck Norris got his drivers liscense at 16... seconds.
Chuck Norris never felt the phantom slap because this roundhouse kick returned it.
Chuck Norris' guitar amp. goes to "11".
Chuck Norris' idea of mercy is for you to see his foot the moment before his roundhouse kick connects with your face.
NASA tried to use Chuck Norris' urine as rocket fuel. We know this experiment as the Challenger explosion.
Chuck Norris' toilet paper is a roll of cheese grater.
Chuck Norris knows what color a smurf turns when you choke it.
Chuck Norris keeps caffeine up at night.
Chuck Norris is the Chuck
Chuck Norris once won a rap battle against Eminem. He just kept saying "Chuck Norris" in a raplike-fashion. The crowds' heads exploded from amazement.
Chuck Norris never loses his cell signal... even in a tunnel
Chuck Norris can tow a building... with a string... with him in it.
The slowest way of transportation known to Chuck Norris is the speed of light
Dragons watch a movie called 'How to train your Chuck Norris'.
When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber's ass.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris can burn fire.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
Chuck Norris won American Idol, while on "the Voice"
Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kicked the earth a billion years ago, its still spinning
They wanted to put Chuck Norris's face on Mount Rushmore, but the granite wasn't hard enough for his beard.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
If Chuck Norris ever got caught for speeding, he'd let the cops off with a warning.
Freddy Krueger has nightmares about Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.
Chuck Norris can strike the same lightning twice.
Chuck Norris can hear his phone ring on silent.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he made a mistake
Chuck Norris runs Windows 7 on his Etch-A-Sketch.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Aliens DO indeed exist. They just know better than to visit a planet that Chuck Norris is on.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to hold his breath under water. Water knows better than to try and drown Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird
Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
Brett Farve can throw a football 50 yds. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Farve even farther.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
Chuck Norris is so strong he can lift a 20 ton safe over his head...with him inside.
